Sun
Mon
Tue
Wed
Thu
Fri
Sat
Symboli Rudolf
Aim to be an undefeated Triple Crown horse girl!!
Okay.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Good!
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
Episode 3
Meetings
Grilled Carrots
Chocolate-Covered Bananas
Man, all the booths are set up for New Year's.
Gotta be careful not to eat too much!
Yeah, you're right.
Yeah!
M
e
i
s
h
o
D
t
o
M
a
c
h
i
k
a
n
e
F
u
k
i
t
a
r
u
Fortunes
Go ahead.
All right!
This year's gonna be my year!
Worst Luck
It says worst luck.
I can freaking see that.
So good!
Things are lively again this year.
All right, let's head to the
shrine for New Year's prayers.
Gotta get rid of any jinxes we've picked up.
Yeah!
Think about it. With the year we've had,
what with Teio being injured after the Derby,
and then what happened to
McQueen in the Fall Tennoushou,
Japan Cup, and Arima Kinen...
And McQueen shocks us all
by coming in second place!
After seeing the look on her face,
a little prayer couldn't hurt.
Please don't remind me!
Happy New Year!
You two are here to visit the shrine too?
T
w
i
n
T
u
r
b
o
Yep! For New Year's prayers.
N
i
c
e
N
a
t
u
r
e
I want to at least do better
than I did last year.
Canopus is gonna be a
whole new team this year!
Since they've got a big-name newbie!
I hope this year is good, too—
M
a
c
h
i
k
a
n
e
T
a
n
h
ä
u
s
e
r
Another new, interesting member, huh?
Please let Teio and McQueen have great races!
And then, please, make this my year!
Help me make Spica the best team.
With more shops all over the campus,
and merch stands at the race tracks,
I will not lose to her!
I want to win the Dream Trophy.
leading into online sales, so that
I can ultimately expand overseas and...
I also have a wish from Suzuka-san.
Safety first...
For the honor of the Mejiro family,
I must win a successive spring Tennoushou.
I'm gonna be an undefeated horse girl!
You're not supposed to shout your prayers.
Okay!
Looking good, Teio!
It all starts here, Teio.
Look at her kick it up!
I didn't think she'd be in
this kind of shape so soon.
Hell, she might be better than ever.
Just watch me, Prez!
I'm gonna make a comeback!
Trainer-san!
Hayakawa
Tazuna
Tazuna-san? What's wrong?
It's amazing! Teio-san and McQueen-san
have been selected for the URA Awards!
You guys, that's amazing!
We will now be awarding the
final URA Awards of the year.
On stage to receive them are
these two young ladies.
While she unfortunately missed her chance
at the Triple Crown, with 134 votes,
she has been selected as
Horse Girl of the Year: Tokai Teio-san!
Yeah!
Congratulations.
Although I'm sure there were
a few pity votes included.
Say what?
Including the Spring Tennoushou, she's won
three races and come in second twice,
a remarkable record.
She has been selected as
Top Senior-Class Horse Girl of the Year.
Mejiro McQueen-san!
This is such an honor.
That's McQueen for you.
Shame about the Arima Kinen, though.
What was that?
Can you two not just give
sincere compliments?
Could the two of you give us a
few words about your upcoming goals?
My goal's to be undefeated!
I intend to win a second
consecutive Spring Tennoushou!
To reflect their accomplishments, they are
both being provided with new racing wear.
Awesome!
Thank you very much.
Everyone is going to be looking forward
to your performances this year!
Let's give them a big round of applause!
Who do you think would win if they raced?
Teio, probably.
Nah, I think it'd be McQueen.
Makes you wanna see how it'd turn out.
We may even see these two compete
against each other, this year.
URA AWARD WINNERS NAMED!
Wow, Spica!
I guess Spica's the top team now.
Meanwhile, our team is...
We keep coming close, but...
Doesn't that bug you, trainer?!
I'd say it does. It'd be wonderful if
we could prove what we were capable of.
I say Canopus' goal is to beat Spica!
I don't think that's—
An excellent objective.
Down with Spica!
Here we go!
Yeah!
Yeah?
Time to declare war on Spica!
Down with Spica!
Wouldn't it be better to train?
Spica
Looks like everyone is
gunning for Spica this year.
Everyone's gonna be coming
at us, so stay on your toes.
The letter arrow worked perfectly!
Retreat!
Run away!
Why did I come along?
Trainer! They shot a letter arrow at us!
What?! Read it out!
Okay!
Drown with Spica!
—Turbo
"Drown with Spica!"
Is that spelled wrong?
So they're declaring war on us?
I guess we'll have to show them
who's boss at the racetrack.
Exactly. When you're considered
the top competitors,
you have to work hard
to maintain that esteem.
Which means, Teio,
as far as your comeback goes—
Trainer...
I want to enter the Spring Tennoushou.
My goal is to continue being undefeated.
But I don't think that will mean anything
unless I take on strong competition.
So...
That'd mean Teio and McQueen...
You guys okay with potentially
ruining each other's plans?
I gladly accept the challenge.
I expected to race against you someday.
There's no problem, is there, Trainer-san?
Are you two serious?
I'm gonna be the one who achieves her goal.
Because I'm not gonna lose
to you either, McQueen!
And I have no intention of
allowing you to win, Teio.
I will win a consecutive Tennoushou!
Have it your way.
In that case, Teio's gonna be running
in the Osaka Hai before the Tennoushou.
Yeah!
And before the Tennoushou, McQueen,
you need to take on the Hanshin Daishoten.
Understood.
I expect both of you to give
this everything you've got!
Right!
And don't go telling anyone about this yet.
Got it.
I got it, all right!
Everyone is going to know now.
Man...
A race between members of Spica, huh?
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
Teio VS McQueen
Teio
VS
McQueen
Teio VS McQueen
Drown with Spica!
—Turbo
TEIO AND MCQUEEN RACING AGAINST EACH OTHER!?
The undefeated horse girl, Tokai Teio,
and the senior-class award-winning
horse girl, Mejiro McQueen,
will be clashing at the Tennoushou...
As announced by Team Spica,
which represents both competitors.
She's really motivated!
How many times does that make?
Looking good, McQueen!
Goal
Increase your pace a bit more!
Damn, that's a long stretch!
Teio!
Don't get sloppy with your form!
I know!
Goal
That wasn't hard at all!
All too easy, frankly.
Down with Spica!
Strategy Meeting
Now, then, it's time for
today's strategy meeting.
Yeah!
Yeah...
Our subject today: How do
we avoid losing to Spica?
Yes, Twin Turbo-san?
We come in first place!
True, yes, but what else?
Uh... don't come in second!
Does that mean third is fine?
We can also avoid racing them!
We won't lose that way,
but we also won't win!
There's also running hard!
I guess that works, if it helps you win.
But at the last Arima Kinen...
Number 12, Twin Turbo, is setting
a fast early pace, like she said.
Twin Turbo
I've got this! I've got this!
And McQueen shocks us all
by coming in second place!
Daitaku Helios
It just didn't kick in that time!
What didn't?
What've you been looking at, Ikuno?
Ikuno's running against
Teio at the Osaka Hai.
Tokai Teio...
I'll analyze every aspect of her racing,
and find a way to beat her.
We should work hard, too!
Yeah! This calls for more meetings!
Yeah!
Um... you could train instead
of having meetings.
Honey, honey, honey!
When I get a taste of that honey...
Is that...
Here you go. Soft, light,
and easy on the honey.
McQueen?
That'll be 1,000 yen.
What a coincidence.
Yeah, I guess so.
So good!
McQueen, you must've been
training late today, huh?
I could ask you the same thing. You're sure
you're not overworking yourself?
Right back at you.
I must say, it's been quite a while
since I walked home with you.
It has?
When I first met you, I remember you
following me around quite a bit.
You were just being too self-conscious.
It's been that way ever
since the entrance ceremony.
Entrance Ceremony
Is she the one everyone's talking about?
Tokai Teio-san?
Yeah! She's supposed to be really fast.
Let's all have a good time here!
It's a pleasure to be attending
school with all of you.
You can tell she's from the Mejiro family.
And she's supposed to be a great racer, too.
She's pretty cool!
New students are always united
in their thoughts and desires,
while each having their distinct resolve,
which I hope will be a source of
boundless determination for all of you.
Congratulations on your enrollment.
That's the Prez for you!
And now, representing the new class...
An address from Mejiro McQueen-san.
Huh? It's the girl from before.
As of today, we horse girls have
become students at Tracen Academy,
where our new lives will begin,
like the budding of cherry blossoms.
As we dedicate ourselves to our
daily learning and training,
we will now be running the same
halls as our great forebears....
She's trying to show off
in front of the Prez!
McQueen, that's quite the time you managed!
Yes, naturally.
That was incredible, Teio!
Impressive.
You want to hang out before heading home?
Yeah! I could really go for some steak!
Gotta be steak!
Would you stop already?
Could you please put an end to this?
Enough!
No more!
Ow, ow, ow...
O-Oh, you're from the class next door.
Wh-What a coincidence.
Y-Yes, it must be.
Were you training this late?
I-I could ask you the same thing.
Yes...
You certainly seem tired! Are you alright?
Nope, I'm fine! I'm curious,
what's that you're carrying?
I-It's nothing important!
I-I see!
Th-That's right.
The Next Day
The Day After That
And the Day After That
What a coincidence.
I suppose so.
We had quite a string of coincidences
before joining Spica.
Yeah.
The cherry blossoms will be blooming soon.
Yep.
There's a steady rain today
at the Hanshin Racecourse,
casting a dark pall over the track.
This is the first race of the year for our
most popular competitor, Mejiro McQueen.
It should be an interesting one.
McQueen!
The rain is nasty today.
Be careful of the mud, all right?
You needn't warn me, I assure you.
It was raining during the fall Tennoushou
last year as well, wasn't it?
You nervous?
Hardly. If anything, I'm glad.
Things are different now.
I intend to run hard enough
to blow the rain away.
There are only six running in this race?
I guess it's only natural,
with how strong McQueen looks lately.
They've all got McQueen marked.
It's practically five-on-one.
You got this, McQueen!
Where are you going, Teio-san?
I'm gonna just check out the course
for when I run in the Osaka Hai.
Good luck, McQueen-san!
Teio-san's here!
Teio-san!
Kita-chan! We're here to
root for McQueen-san today!
The horse girls have finished their warm-ups,
and are headed to the gate.
Okay.
Well! Guess I was worried for nothing.
Teio?
Cheering from beside the course today?
Nope! Just wanted to get a good look at it.
You must be awfully confident,
worrying about me.
I could say the same to you!
I hope you're all right with
me getting ahead of you,
winning this race and all.
Knock yourself out!
Just be sure to watch when I win the
Osaka Hai. Because I will win it!
The horse girls are at the gate.
As the rain falls on them,
they wait for the start.
Even if they all come after me...
I'll accept the challenge.
We can do this!
The Hanshin Daishoten,
a course of 3,000 meters...
has just begun!
At 3,000 meters, this is a long
race with a small roster!
It opens things up for
some interesting tactics!
All right, that's a good start!
They're turning the third
corner of the first lap.
With the persistent rain, the track
is likely to be on the heavy side.
I need to make sure to take every step
steadily and securely to stay on my feet!
If I can maintain my racing style,
no one should be able to beat me!
Just like this! Just like this!
The racers are now through the fourth corner
and entering the home
stretch of the first lap.
Go, McQueen!
Go!
Even in this heavy rain, there are
a lot of spectators here today
rooting for these horse girls,
including Mejiro McQueen!
Wow! They're all secure in their positions!
Now, all six competitors
have formed up again!
McQueen-san!
McQueen, who is aiming to win the
spring Tennoushou, is currently in third place!
She's in a good position, and staying steady.
And right behind Mejiro McQueen,
not giving an inch, is #5, Kania Curation!
She's positioned behind McQueen,
ready to make her move at any moment!
Things are looking good.
Of course they are.
It's McQueen who's running.
I guess you're right.
I thought they'd be coming after her harder!
But at this rate, it should be no problem.
They've entered the second lap.
Kania Curation is moving
up from behind McQueen!
All right, it looks like I can do this!
I can do this!
What's this?!
It looks like the other horse girls are
all starting to close in on McQueen!
I can do this!
This is quite a bit of pressure.
They've all got her marked!
McQueen-san...
You just had to jinx it, didn't you?
You're the one who brought it up!
Go!
They've rounded the third corner,
and are entering the fourth!
From here, I can catch her!
I can catch her!
I can totally do this!
Here we go.
And McQueen makes her move!
She's going for it!
Mejiro McQueen has started her spurt!
She's gaining distance
on the other horse girls!
Wha—?!
Go for it, McQueen!
Wow!
They're on the last stretch,
and McQueen has quickly taken the lead!
But at the same time,
Kania Curation is moving in behind her!
Are we looking at a contest between
Mejiro McQueen and Kania Curation?!
Not yet... Not yet...
This is where... This is where...
I-I can't—!
We are not! This is not the
showdown it looked like!
Mejiro McQueen has gained
a lead and keeps going!
Mejiro McQueen is dashing
toward another confrontation
at the spring Tennoushou!
She's amazing!
Her lead is only getting bigger!
This is completely one-sided!
And Mejiro McQueen clears the goal!
She's left the second place
finish five lengths behind her!
Hell yeah!
She did it!
McQueen-san!
I'm really looking forward
to her race with Teio.
Tell me about it!
But I think McQueen's got the edge.
I mean, after the way she blew the
second place runner away, yeah!
I thought so, too! You've got a great eye!
Teio-san's better, though.
No, McQueen-san!
Teio-san!
McQueen really is tough.
Teio?
Trainer, I'm going to impress
you at the Osaka Hai.
Do it!
It's your turn next.
I'm not gonna lose, either.
Everyone has been waiting for her return.
The Twin Crown horse girl is now making
her presence felt at the Osaka Hai!
In the second bracket, #2,
the most anticipated competitor...
Tokai Teio!
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-